.slick-slider {
    touch-action: auto;
    -ms-touch-action: auto;
}
What we do?
Admission
Courses
Mentoring
Placement
Enterance Exams prep


Courses we offer?
10th SSC
Hindi, English, Marathi - Medium
12th Commerce | 12th  Science
•B.Com
•BBI/BFM/BAF
•BBA/MBA
•CS
•CA/ICWA
•LLB/LLM
•Hotel Management
•FRM
•CFA
•MAF
•ITI
•TEACHER:
  D.ED/B.ED/M.ED
•Teacher 
   D.ED/ B.ED/ M.ED
•B.SC/ M.SC
•Nursing
  GNM/ ANM/ Bsc Nursing
•Pharmacy
  D.Pharm/ B.Pharm/
  M.pharm
•Medical Courses:
  DMLT/BMLT/MLT
  Radiology/ Physiotheraphy
  Nutrition.
•Architecture
•Hotel Management
•MBA
•LLB
•ITI

Engineering - B.E
 Aeronautical Engineering
 Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Engineering
 Automobile Engineering
 Bio-Technology Engineering
 Civil Engineering
 Computer Science & Engineering
 Electrical & Electronics Engineering
 Electronics & Communication Engineering
 Information Science & Engineering
 Mechanical Engineering
 Mechatronics Engineering

Engineering - M.Tech
 Bio Technology
 Computer Science & Engineering
 Digital Communication Engineering
 Machine Design

Research - Ph.D
 Bio-Technology
 Chemistry
 Computer Science & Engineering
 Electrical & Electronics Engineering
 Electronics & Communication Engineering
 Information Science & Engineering
 Master of Business Administration
 Master of Computer Application
 Mechanical Engineering
 Physics

Diploma in Engineering
 Aeronautical Engineering
 Automobile Engineering
 Civil Engineering
 Commercial Practice
 Computer Science Engineering
 Electrical & Electronics Engineering
 Electronics & Communication Engineering
 Mechanical Engineering
 Mechatronics Engineering

Nursing
 Diploma in Nursing
 B. Sc. - Nursing
 Post B. Sc. - Nursing
 M. Sc. - Nursing

Pharmacy
 D. Pharm - Diploma in Pharmacy
 B. Pharm - Bachelor of Pharmacy
 Pharm D - Doctor of Pharmacy
 Pharm D - Post Baccalaureate
 M. Pharm - Pharmacology
 M. Pharm - Pharmaceutics
 M. Pharm - Pharmaceutical Chemistry
 M. Pharm - Quality Assurance
 M. Pharm - Pharmaceutical Analysis
 M. Pharm - Drug Regulatory Affairs
 PhD - Pharmaceutical Chemistry
 PhD - Pharmaceutics
 PhD - Pharmacology

Management
 B. B. A - Bachelor of Business Administration
 B. B. A - Bachelor of Business Administration in Aviation
 P.G.D.M. - Post Graduate Diploma in Management
 M. B. A - Master of Business Administration
 M. F. A - Master of Finance & Accounting

Allied Health Sciences
 B.Sc Anesthesia and Operation Theatre Technology
 BSc in Respiratory Care Technology
 BSc in Renal Dialysis Technology
 BSc in Radio Therapy
 BSc in Optometry
 BSc in Imaging Technology
 BSc in Medical Lab Technology
 Bachelor in Hospital Administration
 Bachelor in Occupational Therapy
 Bachelor in Audiology and Speech Language Pathology

Architecture
 Diploma in Architecture
 Bachelor of Architecture

Arts, Science & Commerce
 B. A - Bachelor of Arts (Psychology / Journalism / English)
 B. A - Bachelor of Arts (Criminology / Psychology / Sociology)
 B. Com. - Bachelor of Commerce
 B. Sc. - Bachelor of Science (Physics / Chemistry / Maths / Computer Science)
 BSW - Bachelor of Social Work
 M. A - Master of Arts in English
 M. Sc. - Master of Science in Chemistry
 M. Sc. - Master of Science in Mathematics
 M. Sc. - Master of Science in Physics
 M. Sc. - Master of Science in Psychology
 M. Com. - Master of Commerce
 MSW - Master of Social Work

Visual Arts
 B.V.A. - Graphic & Communication Design
 B.V.A. - Animation & Game Art
 B.V.A. - Interior and Spatial Design
 B.V.A. - Product Design

Fashion
 Diploma in Apparel Design & Fabrication Technology
 B. Sc. F. A. D - Bachelor of Science (Fashion & Apparel Design)

Computer Application
 B. C. A - Bachelor of Computer Applications
 M. C. A - Master of Computer Applications

Journalism
 M. A - Master of Arts (Journalism & Mass Communication)
Physiotherapy
 Bachelor of Physiotherapy

Programs Offered:
Diploma
Undergraduate
Postgraduate
Certificate


Admissions @ Acharya
Acharya Institutes, a forefront academic institution in Bangalore, offers vast choice of academic streams and various levels of programs from freshman foundation [Pre-University] to doctoral degrees. Acharya Institutes, being a diverse campus, is a place where everyone can pursue their dreams. Today, students from across the globe, in a quest for quality education come to Acharya Institutes. With a clearly defined admission process and streamlined methodologies for complying with local university and statutory regulations, a strict adherence to quality process, the whole experience of admittance and learning is made unambiguous.The specially created world class facilities for residence, learning, research and evaluation only add to the overall experience.

Domestic admissions
Walk In Enquiries
Step 1: Visit us on campus and meet Counselors
Step 2: Choose Program/Course
Step 3: Our couselors shall check if you meet the eligibility requirements
Step 4: Offer of Admission
Step 5: Payment of fee. For more refer Mode of Payment tab
Step 6: Start your Program/Course
Online/Email Admission
Step 1: Visit admissions.acharya.ac.in and fill in the online application or send in your request to admissions@acharya.ac.in
Step 2: Counselors will get in touch with you over phone and through mail
Step 3: Send the scanned copies of the relevent documents to counselor
Step 4: Our couselors shall check if you meet the eligibility requirements
Step 5: Offer of Admission
Step 6: Online Fee Payment or student may visit the college to complete admission formalities
Through Entrance Test (CET/COMEDK/University/PGCET)
Student appears for an entrance exam (Pertaining to the particular program)
Student has to meet the eligibility criteria as laid down by the Board/University
The Board/University evaluates the student and ranks the student based on their performance in the entrance exam
The Board/University conducts an online/single window counseling where in the student is allotted the course/college as per merit
The student pays the specified fee to the Board/University
Once the allotment is done, the student has to visit the college and complete the admission formalities. The student also has to pay the remainder of the fee, if any, at the college
International admissions
Pre Arrival
After receiving the admission letter, students should immediately apply for the student visa with the Indian embassy located in your country.Student are to report 2 days before class commencement date
After receiving the Visa, the scanned copy of the same has to be mailed to international@acharya.ac.in
Student will receive pre arrival guide with information on class commencement date, documents to carry etc. at least one month in advance before the class commences
Make sure that you have taken all the required vaccinations like Yellow Fever, Typhoid Vaccine, Hepatitis Vaccine, etc. to avoid medical complications while you are in India You may check Indian embassy in your country for vaccine required before travelling to India
Make sure you inform our International admission office for the Airport pickup at least two weeks prior to arrival and provide the complete details of flight
The electric standard in India works on 240 V. So, ensure that you have an adapter for your mobile or laptop if it operates on a different voltage in your country. Also the electric sockets are 2 or 3 pin so ensure that you carry a converter in case required
Post Arrival
Guided campus and hostel tour
Hostel allotment and introduction to hostel authorities
Induction Program
It is the responsibility of the student to ensure that throughout the study period, he/she is on valid visa and renew their visa as and when required. Any assistance for the same will be extended by the administrative department of the course they are pursuing
Visa Information - Post Arrival
After receiving the admission letter, student should immediately apply for the student visa with the Indian embassay located in your country
After receiving the Visa, the scanned copy of the same has to be mailed to international@acharya.ac.in
It is the responsibility of the student to ensure that throughout the study period, he/she is on valid visa and renew their visa as and when required. Any assistance for the same will be extended by couselors at the International Student Affairs department
Facilities for International Students
English and Foreign language learning facility for non native speakers Dedicated team to support international Students | On campus mentor for every student
Innovative teaching methodology with rich and varied learning resources
State - of - the - art campus with digital classrooms
IT enabled learning and administrative environment
A multi cultural environment on the campus
Indoor/outdoor sports facilities
Well furnished residences at campus
Health care centre on the campus
Professional, Soft skills, Outbound and Competency Enhancement Training
Collaborations with eminent academic and research organizations
Interface with leading Industry to expose students to industry standards and internship
FAQ's
How safe is the campus and hostel?

 To ensure the safe and secure environment to study and stay, the management has constantly been monitoring the safety and security measures by entrusting round the clock security. In addition to this, wardens are made available 24x7 and entrusted to maintain regular attendance to monitor the students’ presence

Is the campus and hostel ragging free ?

 College takes adequate measures to keep the campus ragging free, smoking free and alcohol free.

Being a new joinee will I be assisted for FRRO ?

 Yes, college provides all the support for registration with the FRRO. Students have to report to the college on arrival and submit the rental agreement within 5 days of arrival if staying outside the hostel. Very importantly, FRRO registration has to be completed within 14 days of arrival

Is it mandatory to clear the ILETS or TOEFL

 As the medium of instruction is English, all international students should be proficient in English. ILETS or TOEFL are not mandatory. For the students who have not studied in school/university where the medium of instruction was English, they have to clear our proficiency level assessment. In the case of student not meeting the entry requirement, s/he will be asked to join our English language program

What all documents should I carry while leaving for India?

 Refer to the important information document

Can I cook in the hostel?

 We have the hostels with the kitchenette facilities, for details about hostel

How will I know about when my classes will start?

 You will receive an email one month prior to class commencement with date. So you will have to report two days before class commencement date

Will I be given hostel accommodation on arrival?

 Students who wish to avail the hostel have to clear the hostel fee before arrival to avoid inconvenience of non-availability of hostel. For international students who do not wish to stay in hostel, on arrival we give complimentary two nights stay in hostel, they have to find alternative accommodation and shift prior to the third day of arrival

